lr 0.0001
lr_backbone 1e-06
lr_bbox 3e-05
lr_clip 1e-05
batch_size 6
weight_decay 0.0001
epochs 150
lr_drop 5
clip_max_norm 0.1
eval_each 4
eval_each_lr_drop 2
frozen_weights None
backbone resnet50
dilation False
position_embedding sine
enc_layers 6
dec_layers 3
dim_feedforward 2048
hidden_dim 256
dropout 0.1
nheads 8
num_queries 64
pre_norm False
masks False
hoi False
num_obj_classes 81
num_verb_classes 29
pretrained 
subject_category_id 0
verb_loss_type focal
aux_loss True
with_mimic False
set_cost_class 1
set_cost_bbox 2.5
set_cost_giou 1
set_cost_obj_class 1
set_cost_verb_class 1
set_cost_hoi 1
mask_loss_coef 1
dice_loss_coef 1
bbox_loss_coef 2.5
giou_loss_coef 1
obj_loss_coef 1
verb_loss_coef 2
hoi_loss_coef 2
mimic_loss_coef 20
alpha 0.5
eos_coef 0.1
dataset_file vcoco
coco_path None
coco_panoptic_path None
remove_difficult False
hoi_path data/v-coco
output_dir vcococe
device cuda
seed 42
resume /public/home/zlj/HOICLIP/vcoco12232342/checkpoint_best.pth
start_epoch 0
eval False
num_workers 0
world_size 8
dist_url env://
use_nms_filter True
thres_nms 0.7
nms_alpha 1
nms_beta 0.5
json_file results.json
ft_clip_with_small_lr False
with_clip_label True
with_obj_clip_label True
clip_model ViT-B/32
fix_clip True
clip_embed_dim 512
zero_shot_type default
del_unseen False
fix_backbone_mode []
use_ddp 1
with_random_shuffle 2
gradient_accumulation_steps 1
opt_sched multiStep
no_clip_cls_init False
enable_amp False
opt_level O2
fix_clip_label False
with_rec_loss False
rec_loss_coef 2
no_training False
dataset_root GEN
model_name HOICLIP
eval_location False
enable_cp False
no_fix_clip_linear False
analysis False
alternative 1
eval_each_ap False
topk_hoi 10
inter_dec_layers 3
verb_pth ./tmp/vcoco_verb.pth
verb_weight 0.1
frac -1.0
validation_split -1.0
lr_drop_gamma 0.1
training_free_enhancement_path 
loss_mae 1
loss_domain_bac 1
loss_domain_enc 1
loss_domain_dec 1
coef_target 1
threshold 1.6
num_classes 263
flush True
mode eval
val_batch 20
alpha_ema 0.999
epoch 20
mask_ratio 0.8
epoch_mae_decay 10
print_freq 20
control ['encoder_concate']
rank 0
gpu 0
distributed True
dist_backend nccl
